+++
title = "A differentiable BLEU loss. Analysis and first results"
date = 2018-03-21T15:14:10+01:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["N. Casas", "M.R. Costa-jussà", "J.A. R. Fonollosa"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["7"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Workshop of the International Conference on Learning Representations"
publication_short = "ICLR workshop"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "In natural language generation tasks, like neural machine translation and image captioning, there is usually a mismatch between the optimized loss and the de facto evaluation criterion, namely token-level maximum likelihood and corpus-level BLEU score. This article tries to reduce this gap by defining differentiable computations of the BLEU and GLEU scores. We test this approach on simple tasks, obtaining valuable lessons on its potential applications but also its pitfalls, mainly that these loss functions push each token in the hypothesis sequence toward the average of the tokens in the reference, resulting in a poor training signal."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://openreview.net/pdf?id=HkG7hzyvf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
